Good morning everyone, let's get started. Today we're reviewing the Q2 roadmap and deciding on priorities.
Thanks Victor. I've prepared the product backlog. We have three main initiatives: the new onboarding flow, the analytics dashboard, and the API v2 migration.
Before we dive in, I want to flag that the engineering team is at capacity until end of April. We need to be realistic about what we can ship.
Good point Marco. Let's rank these. Sarah, what's the business impact if we delay the onboarding flow?
Significant. Our conversion rate has dropped 12% this quarter. The onboarding flow is directly tied to activation. I'd say it's our highest priority.
Agreed. We can staff two engineers on it starting May 1st. I estimate four weeks to complete if we scope it correctly.
Okay, let's make a decision on that. The onboarding flow is our Q2 priority number one. Marco, you'll assign the team by end of this week.
Confirmed. I'll send the team assignments by Friday.
What about the analytics dashboard? We've had three enterprise clients ask for it specifically. It's blocking two deals worth about 200k ARR.
That changes things. Let's loop in David from sales. But for now, let's tentatively put analytics at number two.
I can have one engineer start on the analytics backend in parallel. It won't slow down onboarding. Sarah, can you write the spec by next Wednesday?
Yes, I'll have the spec ready by Wednesday April 3rd.
Perfect. And the API v2 migration — Marco, what's the risk if we push that to Q3?
Medium risk. We have two integrations that depend on v1 endpoints that will break eventually, but nothing is on fire right now. Q3 is acceptable.
Agreed. API v2 is officially pushed to Q3.
One more item — we need to renew the Datadog contract before April 15th or we lose the discounted rate. That's a 40k difference annually.
I'll handle the Datadog renewal personally. I'll contact our account manager today.
Also, we still haven't resolved the on-call rotation. Two engineers are complaining about the current schedule. Can we revisit that?
Let's take that offline. Marco, schedule a 30-minute call with the team this week to sort it out.
Will do. I'll send a calendar invite today.
That covers everything on my list. Should we set a follow-up for two weeks from now?
Yes. Sarah, can you book the next sync for April 7th?
Done, I'll send the invite after this call.
Great. Thanks everyone, talk soon.